[logo music plays]
[projector music whirs]
[soft bells tinkle]
[bicycle wheels whir]
[bicycle bell rings]
[child humming]
[chalk scratches]
[soft thud]
[woman groans]
[woman cries out painfully]
[woman breathes rapidly]
[whimpers]
[soft ominous music]
[woman trembles] No... No.
-No. -[dog barks in the distance]
[metal squeaking]
Help me!
-[strange distorted sound] -[whimpers]
[soft ominous music]
[ominous music swells]
[music stops abruptly]
-[panicked breaths] -[merry-go-round squeaks]
[crows caws]
[rapid phone taps]
-[urgently] Come on! -[children laughing]
Leave me alone!
[groans] No...
-[branches snap] -[toy squeaks]
Help me...
-[loud thud] -[woman moans]
-[hard thud] -[toy squeaks]
[roundabout whooshes]
-[bone cracks] -[blood splatters]
[woman screams]
[cries out painfully]
[heaves and vomits]
[toy squeaks eerily]
[moans subside]
["Don't Wait Too Long" playing]
♪ Someday. it would be nice To get away ♪
♪ Just you and I Or we could just go. my girl ♪
♪ I know ♪
♪ It would be nice ♪
♪ Some time alone With you. babe ♪
♪ No one calling to come home ♪
♪ And for the rest Of our lives ♪
♪ We could go to our paradise ♪
♪ And when I Look into your eyes ♪
♪ It would be nice... ♪
-[song ends] -[cars honk]
[Sasha] You know what. let me double check.
I have band aids. bougie snacks.
[Papi on phone] Mm-hm? Okay?
Wait. did I pack the toys? Hold on. one second.
[sighs] Okay. there they are!
[Papi] Hey. did you check the front pocket. mija?
Tia's dulces. from back home.
A bit of sugar to keep you grounded.
Thank you. Papi. Why? Do I... Do I sound nervous?
-[Papi] Come on. -No. I read an article online.
and it said that kids can sense fear. and...
[Papi] No. mija. you deserve this new job.
Would it help if I tell you how proud I am?
For the millionth time?
[Papi] Working there's a big deal.
Jobs in Coral Grove... not easy to get.
And they open up fast. It's high expectations.
[Papi] Your ma would be proud. too.
Especially. if she saw your rate.
Enough to save up for that tuition.
I really hope so. And for you to take less shifts. too.
[Papi sighs] I wish I could do more.
I know this year hasn't been what you'd hoped for. but...
- you've got a shot here. -I've got this. Papi. I promise.
-[Marco knocking] Yo! -[Papi] That your brother?
-[honks loudly] -Hurry up! Let's go!
[Papi] Marco! Take care of your sister!
-Papi says to take care of me. -I do take care of her.
The little princess she is. Let's go. man!
-I love you. Papi. bye. -[Papi] I love you. mija.
Be safe.
[Sasha sighs] Ugh...
Oh. my God. You guys have to clean it up back here!
-[Marco] You ready? -[Darius] Yeah. man.
[engine starts]
[upbeat Spanish song plays]
[Marco] Candy for breakfast. huh?
[Sasha] If you want some you can just say it.
[Darius] Hey. I'll take some. Anything sugary.
[Marco] That's cute. Your school hat?
-You're trying too hard. Sasha. -Okay...
Keep your smarts close to your chest.
Folks here don't like "the help" being a pain in the ass.
-[Darius] Yeah. -Noted.
You're uh... You're in Karen Country now.
[Sasha scoffs] Ooh!
Beware of Frappuccinos and cute dogs in handbags.
Guys. I've got this.
You won't think it's funny when half the city looks like this.
with how fast they're building.
[Darius] Hey. man. More jobs for us.
Yeah. I'm just saying. people here are weird.
Can't imagine what their kids are like.
[security guard] Okay. you guys are good to go.
Let's go.
[delicate chimes ring eerily]
[wheel squeaks to a halt]
Mrs. Viviers did say Zaley. the girl. has behavioral issues.
-Translation... spoiled! -[Marco chuckles]
Weed killer's tank's loose.
[Sasha] I think she also went to Winscott.
so she can probably give me some advice.
[Marco] Hey...
You're there to do a job. not ask for favors.
Keep your head down. know your place. Stay invisible.
It's babysitting. not special ops. Stop trying to scare me.
I'm sorry you find reality scary.
Better luck in your college bubble.
Some of us have dreams that don't involve killing weeds.
Sounds like someone's a little jealous.
Of what. student debt?
I tell you what. Sasha. You learn to change a tire.
and then we can talk.
-[door slams] -[Marco] We can go.
When I have my house here. I'll hire someone to do it for me.
Maybe you.
Well. keep dreaming and we'll keep working.
Hey. Sash? Just listen.
-To what? To you? -Nah. to this.
-[horn blares drunken riff] -Oh. my God! Shut that up!
I swear. if Mrs. Viviers heard that...
Well. I'm sure she didn't. She's probably busy listening to her
-Reese Witherspoon audio book. -[Sasha] I can't listen to this.
Or Tibetan singing bowls in the middle of some flying yoga!
[Marco] Hey!
Yeah?
Look. we are gonna be at a gig close by. alright?
And another one near the park.
so just call me if you need anything.
-Enjoy your dirt. guys. -Enjoy your diapers.
-[engine roars] -Let's dig it.
Hi. I'm Sasha... [upbeat] I'm Sasha.
-[door opens] -[startled] Oh!
Come on in. honeybee.
You can't imagine
how hard it is to find a decent sitter these days.
With the neighborhood growing.
all the good ones just get gobbled up.
Oh. no. I'm just happy to be here.
It's nice to finally meet you in person. Mrs. Viviers.
Please. to you I'm Camille. Here's her tablet.
Don't let her watch anything violent. And stay indoors.
Our little energizer bunny gets amped-up
when she's outside around other kids.
-Oh. wow. -[faucet runs]
Oh. actually. I have a survey in my backpack.
So. if Zaley has allergies or anything I should be aware of.
just let me know and I'll write it down.
Well... No junk food.
That means. no soda. sweets.
Especially no candy. she has a sensitive tummy.
It's genetic.
Just love you already. sweet pea.
I can tell you'll put our previous babysitter to shame.
Oh. I'll try my best. ma'am.
The last one just up and left. Vanished.
Suppose she never found her footing here. poor thing.
[slurps on cup] Mm...
I'll be back in a couple of hours.
Okay. yeah. Sounds good.
Does she have any. like. favorite snacks or anything?
Oh. wow. You went to school at Winscott.
Yeah. just like my daddy.
Yeah. I. uh... I actually got in last year. for a pre-med.
Wow...
You're just full of surprises.
-A word of advice. -Oh. yes. please.
Don't let a life of comfort
lull you into throwing away your dreams.
This place has a way of keeping you here.
Yeah. um...
I had to defer. It wasn't really within our means.
Kinda been a tough year.
Well. I have a dear friend that runs the scholarship program.
I'm happy to put in a good word for you.
Oh. wow. Seriously? That would be a gamechanger. Genuinely.
If you can survive the day with my baby. [chuckles]
-Oh. right. -[knocks on glass]
Come say hi. honey!
[upbeat] Hi! I'm Sasha.
-What's your name? -[toy squeaks]
[Zaley hums]
-[Sasha] Ouch! -[Zaley] Miss Lollipops.
-Be careful. -Zaley!
Be nice to Mommy's little helper. please.
Miss Lollipops isn't nice.
She bites!
-She's not usually like this. -It's okay. Um...
Call me if you need anything. okay?
Of course! [nervous chuckle]
Have a good time!
-[door closes] -[sighs] Okay. you got this.
Hey! Here are some more.
[eerie music starts]
[eerie music builds]
-[Zaley cries] -[Sasha] I know. here.
There we go. A healthy snack coming up.
Healthy? Everything my mom feeds me is green.
-Have you seen my tablet? -[toy squeaks]
Um. no. I haven't. I don't know where it is.
-Candy! -Oh! No. no. no.
Actually. do you want to wreck your stomach and rot your teeth?
I don't think so. right?
Um. I think I have it in here.
Ah!
Kinda fun. right?
My brother used to make those toys for me when I was younger.
-He works at Amazon? -[Sasha chuckles]
Not exactly. He's a landscaper.
but he loved to make things.
There we go.
He even made me this bracelet.
I like mine more.
Alright. I'm gonna clean. You can get into the food.
Uh...
Wait!
Miss Sitter. what's your real name again?
Um. so can you remember? "S."
Sasha.
-Thanks. Miss Sasha. -For what?
-For being here. -Well. of course. It's my job.
You're not like Mom. She's always busy.
Hey. if you ever need to play and have some fun.
I'm always around. Okay?
[toy squeaks]
Hey. what's wrong? What are you looking for?
Can we go to the park. Miss Sasha?
I think I left my other doll there.
Hm. Mom's orders. She said to stay inside. so...
I'm sure we can find another toy for you...
But she's Miss Lollipop's best friend!
Please...
[Zaley whimpers]
Okay. But we have to set a rule. alright?
No playtime. we're just there to get your doll. okay?
Sure.
Alright. Eat some food. I'm gonna clean the rest of this up.
[ground rumbles]
[Sasha] Hey!
-Zaley. slow down. -[Zaley chuckling]
[Zaley] Where'd the merry-go-round go?
What's that?
-Come on. -Oh! Okay.
-[toy squeaks] -Whoa!
Hey. slow down. okay?
Hey. wait. wait. wait!
I thought we were here to get your doll?
[Zaley] I'll be right back.
-I promise. -[Sasha] No. no.
We're just here to get your doll. now you wanna go play?
But my doll's right up there.
My friend said the new slide is special. Please?
Five minutes. Hey! No. no...
Here are some rules. okay. No monkey bars. no swings.
You're gonna meet me at that bench. right?
[Zaley] Okay.
I'm watching! Be careful.
[children laugh and chatter]
[message sent pings]
[message alert dings]
[children laughing]
[ominous music builds]
Where are their parents?
[low ominous music]
For Rosa World #1 Babysitter!
Hey. Zaley?
Your time's up. Hey!
-Zaley. -Miss Sasha...
Time's up.
Hey. where are you going? Zaley?
Don't... Don't!
[sliding sound]
[sliding sound stops]
[Sasha] Zaley?
Hey? Zaley?
Where'd you go?
-[girl laughing] Look out! -Hey. do you know Zaley?
[sludge dripping]
[girl] Why's she here? That's weird.
-Grown-ups don't play here. -Hey! Hey. hey...
-[raspy breathing] -Do you know Zaley?
She's blonde and about. like. this tall.
-[girl breathes heavily] -[neck cracks]
Hey. are you okay?
[squelching sound]
[high-pitched sound rings]
[abrupt thump]
[necks crack]
[nervously] Okay. guys... This isn't a game. okay?
[abrupt thumps]
[rapid abrupt thumps]
Alright? I need you guys to back up. I'm not part of this.
-[abrupt thumps] -[necks crack]
Okay. this isn't funny. alright?
[abrupt thump]
-[necks cracking] -[Sasha yelps]
-[raspy breathing] -[sinister sound builds]
[Sasha panting]
[high-pitched sound rings]
[sound stops abruptly]
[playground chatter resumes]
[panting]
[message alert buzzes]
-[message alert dings] -Zaley?
[phone keyboard tapping]
[message sent pings]
[message alert dings]
[girl shouts] Caught you!
[phone buzzes]
[Zaley static voice message] Miss Sasha?
I feel dizzy. It's so dark in here.
-[girl] Boo! -[Sasha yelps]
[sighs] Okay. breathe. They're just kids.
[children laughing]
[Sasha calling] Zaley? Zaley?
[Zaley. muffled] Miss Sasha?
[Sasha] Hey. hey!
-[ominous sound rings] -[abrupt thumps
[playground falls silent]
[breathing nervously]
[necks cracking]
[children chant] Join the fun. it's all inside.
[abrupt thump]
[children chant] Endless games await in slide.
Stop... [yelps]
[high-pitched sound rings]
-[ringing stops] -[normal playground chatter]
Hey! What's your problem?
I gotta get back to that girl. she needs me.
It's eating the babysitters! The nannies...
-[mouthing] What? -The gardeners. maids... Us.
It's eating us.
Okay. you're not making any sense right now. I'm sor--
[Zaley calling] Miss Sasha?
Oh. Zaley. thank God!
[housekeeper] Be careful around her.
[Sasha] She's just a kid. I gotta get back to her. Sorry.
Hey! Oh. thank God you're safe.
Are you hurt. or anything? Are you okay?
My head hurts. Where'd you go?
Oh. no. no. no. Okay. what's going on? Are you alright?
Let's go home. We'll figure this out. Tell me what happened.
-[Zaley] I don't remember. -Alright. let's go.
You have to leave this place.
I can't. I'm her babysitter. It's my job.
[Sasha] Alright. Let's see... You can sit over there.
[Zaley] Was that lady trying to take you away?
[Sasha] Uh... No! No. no. no.
No. uh... I'm handling it. I'm not sure what she wanted.
I'm gonna figure it out.
Zaley? What are you doing out here?
Will you be back after today?
Is there a back door?
If you don't. I'll tell my mom you left me in the playground.
Zaley. you knew we were there just to get your doll.
I'll tell her you left me outside alone.
Alright. Well. see. that's not what happened.
So. when we talk to your mom.
we're just gonna tell her the truth. Right. Zaley?
[measured] You work for my mom. so you work for me.
[upbeat] Say you'll stay? Or are you like the others?
The others?
[Zaley] Come on. tea time.
[phone buzzes]
[message alert dings]
Alright. um. I'm gonna... I'm gonna be right back. okay?
[distorted rumbling]
[message sent pings]
[Zaley groans] Miss Sasha?
-I don't feel so good. -[Sasha] Oh. okay.
-Um... -Something's making me sick.
Alright. let's see. Let's check it out.
-Help me. -Let's see here.
-[wound squelches] -[Sasha] Oh. whoa!
Okay. you know what? We're gonna clean this up. right now.
It looks like the scab's loose. so we're gonna clean the wound.
Disinfectant. I'll wipe my hands. alright?
-My brain itches. -Okay. let's see. Um...
[wound squelches]
-[deep. guttural gurgle] -[high-pitched sting]
-[Sasha] How's you-- Whoa! -[screams]
Oh. Okay. okay. just calm down.
Calm down. calm down. Let's put you down.
What was in that slide?
Alright. let me see. Let me see what's going on.
[wound squishes. splatters]
[Sasha] Argh!
-[Zaley] Let go! -Okay. uh. you're...
Okay. Alright. Um...
[phone vibrates]
No. no. no... No. she can't see you like this.
Wait... Zaley. where'd you go?
[relieved sigh]
Get away from me!
Okay. um...
I think this'll work. Let's see.
What're you doing with those?
They're down. They're down. alright? I'll put them away.
I'll put them away. I'll put them away. I'll just use this.
I'll just use this. alright? Let me take a look.
Let me take a look. Let me take a look.
Wait?
Where'd it go?
Are you okay?
-I'm fine. -I'm just...
[doorbell rings]
-I'm so confused. -[calling] Who is it?
I feel like I'm losing my mind.
Is it my mom?
Just give me a second to think. alright?
Let me check it one more time. Let me see. turn that way.
[doorbell rings]
[Sasha sighs]
Just... just hold on.
[Zaley] Who's there?
[knocking on door]
It's just Scouts.
Wait. they're gone?
-[gasps] -Are they selling cookies?
I'm sure they are.
-[banging on door] -[Sasha] Oh. my God!
[persistent banging]
-Okay. Um. you know what... -[Zaley moans]
[banging stops]
[rapid footsteps on roof]
[Sasha] Um... Okay. be careful. be careful.
-[footsteps from above] -I. uh...
[footsteps continue]
Okay. I think it's best we get you into your room. Okay?
-[phone dialing out] -[Sasha] Marco?
Yo! Can't talk. I'm in the weeds.
[Darius] Literally. We killing weeds. right now.
There's something very wrong with the kids.
[Marco] Yeah. no shit. They're spoilt brats.
No. no. there were kids at the front door. and...
They were knocking a bunch. And I think the park made them sick.
[Marco] Hey. are you in your head again?
Look. just. um... just focus on the work. alright?
I need you to pick me up. please. I'm scared.
Sasha. did something happen to the kid you're sitting?
She went inside the slide. There was something in there.
[Marco] No... No. there isn't. Look. I...
How would you know?
[Marco] I can see the playground.
We're at a gig that's right next to it. Nothing's wrong.
[Darius] Just boogery kids and used diapers.
[Sasha] No. no. no. Guys. guys. get away from there.
[Marco] What's going on with you? Are you okay?
Sasha. you're having bad thoughts again.
We've been through this before and we'll get through it again.
It's been over a year since I've had a panic attack. Marco.
This is something different. okay? Just listen to me.
[Marco] We need to finish this gig.
-We need this gig. -But. hurry.
[Marco] Look. I'll pick you up. Um... Just. uh...
Just hang on for me. I... I'm here for you. Sash.
-Okay. -[Marco] Alright?
-[static on phone] -[Sasha] Whoa. whoa.
-Marco? -Just... just sit tight.
Marco? Can you hear me?
[children laugh and chatter]
-[child] It's my ball! -Whoa. whoa. whoa!
-Guys! Hey. are you okay? -[wind blows stronger]
Whoa! How'd you get out here?
-[wind subsides] -Where are your parents?
-[children laugh] -Zaley?
-[balls whoosh] -But we're just playing. Please!
[Sasha] I didn't say you could invite them!
[high-pitched sound rings]
-[distorted sound] -[necks crack]
[balls whoosh]
[eerie sound builds]
Okay. you know what?
Come on out. Come on out. Let's get you out of here.
Come on. let's go.
Zaley. I'm not playing any games. Come on.
-[balls pulsate] -[wet squelching]
[eerie crackle]
-[cracking] -[Sasha] Whoa! Ow!
Ouch...
Ow. ow...
[gasps for breath]
No. guys... [strains]
-[whoosh of balls] -[eerie sting builds]
[screams] No!
[distorted gurgling from below]
[loud thwack]
[Sasha gasps. coughs]
-[loud thud] -[Sasha grunts]
[ominous sting]
[necks cracking]
-[Sasha strains] -[scissors slicing]
[coughs]
-[door opens] -[Sasha] Whoa!
-Oh. my God! What happened? -I have to go. I can't do this.
What happened to your face? Where's my daughter?
She's in the playroom. But you...
You have to be careful. She snaps on and off.
There's something wrong with her!
-Upset stomach? -No. she attacked me!
You didn't give her candy. did you?
No. you're not listening. I just said--
I know Zaley can be challenging.
[locks door]
But that doesn't give you the right to be rude. It just...
Tell me what happened. honey?
She did this!
[high-pitched sound rings]
Did you hear that?
-[door rattles] -[Sasha strains]
[children laughing]
[Camille sighs]
Zaley can be a handful on her own.
but a playdate with the Dupont twins?
Sweetie. you bit off more than you can chew.
I can't do this. I'm so sorry. I'm leaving. alright?
But I haven't paid you yet. Just stay a moment.
-[Sasha whimpering] I... -I'd say a raise is in order.
If I can keep this little snafu between us.
I promise we can still fix this. Okay?
Once we've cleaned up. we can talk about your future.
You know. there's no harder job than raising a child.
And a lot of the mothers. they won't admit it. but...
we need you just as much as you need us.
So thank you for your hard work.
Your blood. your sweat. your tears.
Hey. my baby. My sweetie.
Mommy!
-Zaley?! What happened? -[Sasha] No... No!
It was an accident. Right. Zaley?
[Zaley moans]
[Sasha stammers] I can explain. alright?
In the tube slide. and then in the ball pit...
I really think that there's something trying to hurt me.
Call 911.
No. no... I have a first aid kit. I can fix this.
It's not just for Zaley.
I may want to press charges.
And you can forget about the scholarship.
You'll never set foot in Winscott.
[distressed] I can...
Why are you still here? Go make the call.
[short rapid breaths]
[phone buttons beep]
-[presses dial] -[line ringing]
[line ringing]
[ends call]
[coughs]
[line busy]
Okay. Just breathe.
[mother] Remember. we can't stay too long.
[child] What is she doing there?
Okay...
[rapid breaths]
-Okay. -[tense music starts]
[breathing intensifies]
Okay...
[tense music]
[tense music swells]
[music stops]
"A little snack to remember where you're from."
We're running low on weed killer.
Let me get you a refill.
There it is. There it is.
-We gotta get ahead. Come on. -Alright...
-Good? -We got it.
What'd you put in this stuff again?
Oh. man. it's my special sauce.
-That's what you've been saying. -Hey. man. it's...
It's soda...
-You spilling it. -Uh-huh.
With extra syrup.
-That's it? -That's it?
That's what you've been working on this whole time?
Soda with extra syrup? [laughs]
-So it's just sugar? -It's real science. bro.
[Marco] Yeah. you know what? This stuff's actually killing.
I'm telling you. man. it's a million-dollar idea.
-[Marco] Yeah! -When I get all rich and famous.
I might as well buy your ass a new truck.
-[Marco] Alright. deal. -[Sasha sobbing]
-Hey. yo. Marco. -Yeah?
Is that your sister?
Sasha?
Oh. my God. Sasha! Did you hurt yourself? Hey!
-Are you okay? -Yeah.
-What the hell happened? -Guys. just get in the truck.
I'll tell you on the way home. okay?
-Hey. D. Get in the truck. -Yeah.
-[Marco] Let's go. -Okay.
So. you straight-up shanked that kid?
Shit. [chuckles]
Yo. D. can you give us a sec. please?
-Yeah. sure. -[truck door opening]
-[truck door shuts] -[footsteps recede]
We'll go home.
[sighs] Thank you.
But what were you thinking? Sasha. you're her babysitter.
I mean. at first I thought I was losing it. but...
Losing it? Again...
That maid with a red cart. I think she was telling the truth.
There's something terrible here.
You're spiraling.
You were hired to take care of this kid.
But I didn't mean to hurt her. It's just...
Hurt her? They'll call the cops on us!
It was self-defense! I mean. that kid was strangling me.
The parents may be in on it. The police. too.
Do you have any idea what a lawyer costs?
-You're not listening-- -That's all your
college funds down the drain.
I told you to not make trouble.
-To keep your head down. -To stay invisible.
Yes. yes. to stay invisible.
You had one job.
I just went through some crazy shit back there.
it's like you don't even care!
Of course. I care.
Look. okay. I get that you don't believe
that I've gotten better. but I've gotten to college.
Why can't you be happy for me?
What are you doing?
Everything I make.
I've been putting it in a savings account under your name.
If it's not for food or for rent...
It's for you. Sasha.
[stammers] What is that? I don't know what this is.
I never wanted you to work in Coral Grove.
I wish you could've just gone straight to college.
Pa tries. but it's not enough.
Why didn't you say anything?
That's the thing. Sash. I...
I want you to live your life...
On your own terms.
Because when you don't. life ends up choosing for you.
Marco. you...
You don't have to do all this alone.
You should have never had to defer.
I should have worked harder.
I should have worked harder for you.
I'm gonna...
I'm gonna clean up. Just stay in the car.
Yo. D?!
[wind blowing]
So that little shit really strangled her with a yo-yo?
She's been doing better these days. man. So. I don't know.
All I know is she's pretty shaken up.
So we'll have to finish this job tomorrow. Come on.
-Serious question. man. -[Marco] What?
[Darius] You think we can patent the weed killer?
Get on Shark Tank?
[Marco] I don't know. Read the room! Sasha's out of...
Look. just grab the other side of these tie-down straps.
Just grab that and then we can go.
-[Darius] Okay. Okay! I got it. -Come on!
-[wind rustles] -[children chatting. laughing]
[ominous sound]
[sound of children playing]
[horn blows loudly]
We need to leave! Come on!
D. did you grab the other two buckets from the solution?
-I'm going as fast as I can! -Okay. Just hurry up.
[children screech]
[playground metal clanking]
-Marco? Marco! -[metal screeching]
[loud ominous churning]
Leave the rest of the stuff. we're coming back tomorrow.
-Alright. man. -Come on.
Marco... The playground. It's gone.
[metal clanks and breaks]
-We need to go. -Hold up. I left my soda.
No. D! There's something out here!
-[long ominous horn sounding] -[ground crackles]
[low rumble]
-[loud clank] -[car shakes]
[Marco] Darius!
[wind howling]
-[glass shatters] -[ground rumbles]
There's something here. man!
[calls out] D?!
[loud rumble explodes]
[Darius grunts]
[deep churn from below]
Is this a fucking playground?
Darius. hurry up!
-[chains rattle] -[merry-go-round squeaks]
-[Sasha] We gotta go! -Just wait. Darius!
[rumble escalates]
[squelching]
[explosive growl]
-[squelching] -[deep rumble]
Hey. stop. Wait!
Darius?
[Darius gasps. groans]
[gasps for breath]
[chokes. splutters]
[shallow cough]
[Marco] Darius!
There he is! Sorry!
[Marco gasps painfully]
-I gotta help! -[sweeping sound]
Darius! Sasha. don't move! Stay here!
[groans]
Darius!
[screams] Darius!
[ominous popping sound]
[low eerie churn]
[girl] The gardener let the weeds grow.
Now they claim him down below.
[rapid thumps]
-[Marco shouts] No. no. no! -Marco!
-Marco? -Sasha!
[high-pitched eerie sting]
[Sasha] We have to go!
Hey. wait!
We'll call for help on the way. We have to go.
I can't just leave his body down there.
We were friends since we were kids.
-I know. but-- -What am I gonna tell the cops?
-His family? -We'll tell them the truth.
but we have to go.
-Marco. -Okay. okay...
-[Zaley] Miss Sasha? -[swing stops. chain rattles]
-[chain clanks] -[Sasha grunts]
-Marco. wait! -Sasha? Sasha!
-[Sasha screaming] -[child laughing]
-[eerie popping sound] -[squelching]
[squelching stops]
No...
[shouts] Hey! Can you hear me? Can you see me? Sasha!
[panics] No!
Hey! Can you-- Sasha!
-No. Hey? Sasha? -[taps on phone]
[phone static sound]
-[low battery ping] -No. no. no.
-No!! -[phone glass shatters]
[screams angrily] No!
[woman calls] Sir?
What are you doing?
Excuse me.
Miss?
Can I...
Can I use your phone?
[nervously] Um. what for?
[taps on phone. line ringing]
[nervous sigh]
Oh. no... Never mind.
I'll just...
[woman chuckles slightly]
[Marco groans painfully]
[winces]
[groans]
[melancholic music]
[sighs]
I know wherever you are. you're fighting.
Maid with a red cart...
[moans painfully]
[neck creaking]
[tense music playing]
The red cart.
[gate squeaks]
[bees buzzing]
[bottles jingle loudly]
[Marco groans]
-[grunts] -Make sure it's wrapped tight.
My sister. Sasha. she told me about you.
Just give me five minutes of your time.
She's been taken.
Please?
I warned her. but she's stubborn.
I know. Look. just... Tell me how to help her.
She's gone.
-What? -She's gone.
No. no. she's not gone.
You don't know her like I do. There's a fight in her.
Nothing will swallow that girl up.
You're gonna bleed all over Mrs. Ashford's linen.
I get it...
Keep your nose to the grindstone. no matter what.
That's how we survive.
What if surviving isn't enough?
What if it's time we started living?
Please!
-Five minutes. -Five minutes.
[Marco] What-- What are they? The red spots?
These are all one. Traps to infect.
[zipping sound]
Mouths to swallow.
[churning from below]
Around them. the kids snap in.
Uses them like sleeper agents. To lure us in. take us...
Then snap back out.
Kids left unaware. as if nothing happened.
When one trap goes away...
another pops up.
So the creature itself is like an ant hill?
A tunnel system?
Yeah. All connected underground.
The kids move between them to swarm their prey.
Infected as one.
I think it infected the girl Sasha was sitting.
[ground churns]
We're replaceable.
To them. we're invisible.
Hey. look. I need to find Sasha. Alright? Now!
[water gurgling. splashing]
What's wrong?
-What are you looking at? -It's another trap.
Come on. Come on. let's go.
[Marco] Another mouth.
[door squeaks]
-[Marco] This your place? -Mm-hm.
Many of us working-class folks came here 40 years ago.
Sponsored to work in Coral Grove.
Just a few houses that needed working.
But this creature. it was here long before us.
-[Marco] You knew her? -Yeah.
Mabel Grace.
She was the best of us.
She was a good nanny.
You know.
she would've done anything for those homeowners' kids.
She was the first one taken.
She was taken by a playground that...
no one built.
No leads. no investigation...
Nothing.
And those that made noise. they were taken. too.
Disappeared.
Nobody dared work here after that.
[scoffs] Until...
this summer when Coral Grove expanded.
New kids got infected.
And so many new jobs opened up. and...
So...
So much fresh blood.
Easy prey for the hive mind.
So if these people have gone missing. why stay?
I couldn't leave Mabel Grace.
I mean. I... I...
I put my head down. I worked.
And then I waited. I... For years. I...
Did you ever find Mabel Grace?
No.
How am I supposed to find my sister. then?
-Is there a way in? -She's gone.
She's not gone.
[door squeaks open]
[door shuts]
[ground churning below pool]
[water gurgling]
[ominous sting]
[ground rumbles. churns]
[loud splash]
[water draining]
[rumbles. screeches]
[Marco] Whoa!
[grunts]
[children giggle]
[slight giggle]
[light squeak]
[low rumble]
-[loud cracking] -[child screeches]
Fuck that.
[adults grunting. groaning]
[adults breathing shallowly]
[Marco] Hey?
-[loud thud] -[child grunts]
[deep ominous rumble]
[bones cracking]
[adults straining. grunting]
[bones cracking. crunching]
You're building new traps.
[high-pitched sting]
[Marco breathing rapidly]
-[chains rattle] -[bones crunching]
[liquid sizzles]
[Marco] Stomach acid...
[children giggle. squeal]
[chains clanking]
-[Marco grunts] -[metal clanking]
[toy squeaks]
[distant screaming]
-[soft straining] -[toy squeaks]
[faint voice] Help me.
-[labored breaths] -I'm sorry.
Help...
[soft groans]
-[groans intensify] -[ominous sound swells]
[children giggle]
[plastic cracks]
[distant scream]
[long distant scream]
[plastic cracks]
Sasha?
Can you hear me?
[plastic cracks rhythmically]
[Marco] Hey!
[plastic snaps]
What's up with these fucking dolls?
[Marco loudly] Hey!
[children laughing]
[plastic cracks]
Hey. you were right. you know?
I can't do this alone.
[cracks continue]
Look. I brought some of your stuff.
There has to be something in here.
[hand thuds loudly]
[low continuous sizzle]
[sizzle increases]
[loud sizzling]
[in Spanish] "A bit of sugar to ground you."
The sugar...
-[candy drops] -[sizzle intensifies]
[ground rumbles]
-[high-pitched sting] -[Sasha groans]
-[Marco] Sasha? -[Sasha gasps]
-Sasha! -[bones cracking]
[high-pitched screeches]
-[Marco] Hey! -[ground rumbles]
[acid sizzles]
[scattered shrieks]
[Sasha groans]
Hey! Sasha!
[coughs. splutters]
-Marco? -Hey! Hey...
-Marco? Yeah. -Is it you?
It was Pa's candy. This thing can't take a sugar rush.
Wait? Where am I? I think there are others.
Hey. It's hard to explain. but you were infected.
Working to keep this ugly thing alive.
Wait. wait? So it swallowed you. too?
No. not at all.
No. I... I came back for you.
I... I thought I lost you.
[tearful] No. no.
Hey. it's okay. alright? I'm okay. I'm okay.
-[loud churn] -[shrieks]
[Sasha softly] Okay.
-Pass me that. -This?
-Yeah. let's go. Yeah. -You know a way out?
[distant painful scream]
What? Wait. Marco!
-[hands crack. squelch] -[labored breaths]
[Marco] Let's go this way. Follow me.
-Come on. Come on. -Okay.
-[Sasha strains] Ow. -[slime squelches]
-[Sasha coughs] -[Marco] Let's go.
How did we get outside?
We're not outside...
We're in deeper now.
Hey! You know what? We should go back.
[eerie sting]
[abrupt thumps]
-[Marco grunts] -No. no! They're just kids!
They're not just kids!
They're still in there somewhere.
-We have to go. Just go! Move! -Marco!
Hide behind this playground! Go now! I got this.
-Fuck... -[rhythmic thumps continue]
Stay back! All of you!
[rapid thumps]
[Sasha gasps] Oh!
-[chains rattle] -[raspy gasps]
[Sasha] Oh. my God! Are you okay? Are you--
[chains rattle. clank]
-[bones crunching] -[raspy breaths]
-[loud clank] -[rhythmic thumps]
[rhythmic thumps]
[raspy breaths]
[chains rattle. clank loudly]
[eerie sting]
[Marco gasps]
[children chant] You skipped your work.
tried to hide.
made a mess. in the hive.
Now you tumbled down the slide.
[chains rattle. crank]
You're not the monster...
Are you?
This place itself is the monster. and you're its puppet.
-[Marco screams] No! No! -[children giggle]
Let me clean you up. okay? Here.
[soft squelching]
Don't let it control you anymore.
Remember who you are.
[raspy breathing]
[Marco smothered] No!
Sasha! Mabel Grace?
Mabel... Mabel Grace?
Is that your name? I got you.
-[Marco groaning loudly] -[children giggle]
-[raspy breaths] -Don't let this place erase you.
[breathing slowly]
-[low clanks] -[children snap]
-Hey. Hey! -Sasha?!
[chains rattle]
[softly] No.
-Hey. we have to go. -No. No.
We have to go. We'll call for help once we're out.
She's the first victim.
-She needs our help! -Let's go.
[chains rattle]
[bodies cracking]
[Marco] We gotta go. Go.
[sombre music playing]
-Wait. what about the others? -We gotta keep moving. Let's go.
Come on.
[Marco strains]
[ground churns]
-Sasha. come on! -I'm trying!
[Marco] No! No. no!
What about Mabel?
-What about her? -She's still down there.
The gateway's gonna close. We can't wait.
We'll call someone when we get out.
That's what you wanted. right? Come on.
No. but if we're gonna go back down. we should go now.
What? What. do you want to die down there?
-No! -Well. we need to--
-Come on. -Stay in the shadows?
Be invisible? I'm not gonna do that!
Hey...
We're not the heroes here. That's not how this goes.
What Pa says is right. We need to remember who we are.
Maybe if we get more sugar--
You want to risk your life for strangers?
I just went through hell and back to get you.
-What about them? -I won't lose you.
It's hard to explain. but I could feel their pain.
Anyone we know could be next. How can you not see that?
Sasha. I did everything I can to step up.
To protect you. To...
To protect our family.
That's my burden. and I'll carry it.
But I can't take on the weight of the world. too.
My entire life. I wanted to live in a place like this.
I've dreamed about going to college
and to have spoiled kids. and a nanny and a gardener.
But. God. I don't want that anymore!
Not if it means turning a blind eye.
What do you want then. Sasha?
I want to drag this entire fucking place into the light!
Sasha!
[low rumble]
[slight rumble]
It's sealed.
It might take some convincing.
but I think I know another way back in.
-[match strikes] -May we find solace...
in the promise of reunion. Your eternal kingdom--
[door opens]
[Marco] Frances?
I hate to ask for help. but we need yours bad.
[Frances] We?
And the others?
Some are gone. some infected. But if you help us.
-we may save them. -No. no...
Please.
I mean. weren't some of your friends victims. too?
[Mrs. Ashford calls] Frances! Come here!
Just a moment. Mrs. Ashford.
Won't you help us? Please? We need a new way in.
-Leave Coral Grove. -I told you.
-We need to get out of here. -No. wait. wait. Okay. wait.
Hey. look...
Mabel is still alive.
[Marco] I found the map. Let's go.
Come on!
It's this way. It's another mouth!
Did you see her?
Yeah. Yeah. I saw her.
The day Mabel went missing. she was covering my shift.
The kids that I was supposed to be sitting took her.
-[Sasha] Hey... -They took her.
That favor to me cost her her life.
No! That's too much pressure to be putting on yourself.
It was supposed to be me! It was supposed to be me. you know.
-No! Okay? You stayed. -[Frances] No!
You remembered her.
-I could've... I could've done-- -Hey. look... She's alive!
[softly] Wait.
Here.
It's from her apron. She's gonna be so happy to see you.
Let's bring her home.
-Let's wake them all up. -How?
[Marco] It's a lot of sugar.
Hey. you think this will work?
I mean. it's stronger than Papi's recipe.
They've got a sweet tooth.
[Frances] Let's try to hit all the mouths.
Try to burn through them with this powdered sugar.
-Even the closed ones. -Do the parents know about this?
Many were once children of the hive mind.
This infection. it still sits in their veins.
Makes them turn a blind eye.
[ground churns]
[sugar pours]
Be careful. This is all we have left.
[Marco] Right.
-Be careful. -I will.
-[sugar scatters] -[balls rumble vigorously]
[ground squealing]
[cart wheels squeaking]
[sugar scatters]
[shrieks below]
[shrieks grow louder]
[swings creaking softly]
[swings chains rattle]
[ominous sting builds]
Okay. okay.
[Camille] Honeybee?
Why don't you come here and apologize to my daughter?
What? No big rush now?
Okay. Mrs. Viviers.
I'm giving you a real chance to make things right.
Hey. Zaley.
-Hey. Miss Sasha. -[metal slides. clicks]
I-- I really am sorry.
Tell her what you're sorry for.
I'll give you a hint. It's scissor related.
You know. I'm really sorry
that your mom doesn't spend quality time with you
and she hires under-qualified teenagers to babysit.
Who do you think you are?
[slow tense music]
You know. I guess I'm just the babysitter.
[bucket clanks]
[gasps] Zaley.
-[bucket clanks] -[sugar pours]
Hey. are you seeing this?
[coughs. splutters]
-Hey. wait. Mrs. Viviers? -[cracking sound]
Hey. are you okay?
[bubbling sound]
[deep guttural tone]
-[Sasha] Um... -[screeching]
[crunching. neck cracks]
[Sasha] Oh. my God.
[chants] Round and around like a merry-go-round.
What goes down. then comes up now.
-[eerie tinkling music] -[deep rumble below]
[rhythmic footsteps]
[Sasha gasps]
Stop!
[swing chains clank loudly]
Guys. guys. stop...
[high-pitched sting]
-[tense music] -[rhythmic footsteps]
[Sasha] What?
[music stops abruptly]
-[nervous shallow breaths] -[ominous sting builds]
[adults chant] My children grew up. but wait and see...
For one last game. they come back to me.
-[Sasha gasping] -[adults whooshing around]
[stop abruptly]
[sudden loud thump]
[Sasha cries out fearfully]
[ambient sound fading]
[sugar scatters]
[Sasha whimpering]
[Marco] We gotta go.
-Come on! -I couldn't hit the slide.
It's okay. we hit the other mouths. Hopefully that's enough.
-The hive mind is still alive. -[Frances] Wait up!
[high-pitched sting escalates]
[metal bars clank]
[Frances] Mrs. Ashford?
-[hard thud] -[Frances groans painfully]
[blood spurts]
-Frances? -Marco! No. no!
-Please. don't go! -I have to go!
-[loud sting] -[adults grunt. strain]
-[garden blades slice] -[Zaley humming softly]
[adults chant] The housekeeper let the dust creep...
[Frances groans painfully]
[Marco grunts]
[adults chant] The gardener let the weeds seep...
[Marco strains]
-[hard thud] -[Marco grunts painfully]
[adults chant] So now you're all Coral Grove's to keep.
[Sasha grunts. strains]
-[Sasha screams] -[Zaley hums]
[Marco strains]
[see-saw squeaks]
[Marco coughs. shouts]
[Marco shouting desperately]
[Sasha cries out]
[Marco strains] Sasha!
[silence hangs]
I'm sorry.
We're gonna get out of this. Okay?
-[Marco groans] -[eerie sting]
-[bones crunch. blood gushes] -[yells painfully]
[adults chant] It's time to reap what you sow...
Marco!
[adults chant] You let the bad weeds grow.
The weed killer!
What's in it?
Soda...
And syrup.
You're fired. honeybee.
I quit!
[liquid spurts]
[Camille and Zaley groan]
[Sasha] Thank you. Darius.
[bones cracking]
[ground sizzles]
[Marco groans painfully]
Come on. come on! Come on!
-Here. Here. Come on! -[Marco grunts]
-Can you make it to the shark? -Yeah. I think I can.
-Okay. let's go. Right here. -Okay... [groans]
[Marco] Frances. come on!
[neck cracks]
[sudden loud crack]
[Marco] Sasha. careful!
[Sasha gasps]
[tense music starts]
[liquid spurts]
-[ground hisses. groans] -[loud rumble]
[loud thuds]
[high-pitched shriek]
-[deep groan] -[chains clank]
[whimpering sound]
-[shriek from below] -[sudden splutter]
[sizzling subsides]
[gentle vocalization starts]
[groans lightly]
♪ Somewhere. sometime ♪
♪ You'll find me around If you're dreaming ♪
[Sasha] It's okay. it's okay.
Come on. got you. Easy. easy...
Go slow. go slow.
♪ I'll belong in your arms... ♪
[Sasha strains] I got you.
I got you. alright? Be careful.
I got you.
-Ah. okay. Ready? -Here.
-[Marco] I can help. -You good?
Mabel Grace?
How do I tell you...
how sorry I am?
-[gentle music] -[Frances crying]
[both weeping]
-[eerie piano music plays] [playground sizzles]
[adults groan softly]
What happened? Where did your babysitter go?
Can you look after me for once?
[sighs]
[slight chuckle]
[sighing]
-[Marco] Hey. You good to drive? -Yeah? Yeah.
-I'm gonna ride in the back. -Okay.
-Make sure they're okay. -You holding up?
I think we need to get to a hospital asap.
Yeah. got you.
-Hey? Let's um... -Yeah?
Let's take what the slides spat out and dump it in the--
No. no. no... Leave it. Let them see.
-Hey. you guys okay? Okay. -Yeah. Fine. Sasha.
-[Marco groans] -[Sasha] Alright.
[starts engine]
[turns radio on]
[rock music playing]
[horn blares drunken riff]
[engine roars]
[rock music continues playing]
-[Marco whoops happily] -[tires screech]
[bicycle wheel whirs]
-[wheel stops] -[bell rings]
[children laugh]
[rock music continues playing]